pages/modern-ui/components/notification.mdx, before:

---
title: Notification
description: Customizable notifications with positioning, styling, and type-based appearance
---

## Notification

Notifications with customizable positioning, styling and more

### Options

| Option | Type | Required | Default | Description |
|--------|------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `title` | string | No | `nil` | Notification title (supports markdown) |
| `message` | string | Yes* | `nil` | Notification message (supports markdown) |
| `type` | string | No | `'info'` | Type: `'info'`, `'success'`, `'warning'`, `'error'` |
| `duration` | number | No | `5000` | Duration in milliseconds |
| `position` | string | No | `'top-right'` | Position: `'top-left'`, `'top'`, `'top-right'`, `'center-left'`, `'center-right'`, `'bottom-left'`, `'bottom'`, `'bottom-right'` |
| `icon` | string | No | `nil` | FontAwesome icon class |
| `iconColor` | string | No | Auto | Icon color (hex or [CSS color name](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)) |
| `bgColor` | string | No | Auto | Background color (hex or [CSS color name](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)) |
| `txtColor` | string | No | Auto | Text color (hex or [CSS color name](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)) |

*Either `title` or `message` is required.

**Notes:** 
- `'description'` is an alias for `'message'`.
- `'top'` is an alias for `'top-center'`.

### Example

```lua copy
exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Success',
    message = 'Profile updated successfully',
    type = 'success',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Error',
    message = 'Failed to save changes',
    type = 'error',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Warning',
    message = 'Your session is about to expire',
    type = 'warning',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Info',
    message = 'New features are now available',
    type = 'info',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    message = 'A notification with only a message',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Custom',
    message = 'A notification with custom styles',
    bgColor = '#e35c5c',
    icon = 'fas fa-screwdriver-wrench',
    iconColor = '#3a3a3a',
    txtColor = '#e5e5e5',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Custom',
    message = 'A notification with custom styles',
    bgColor = '#bd71f2',
    icon = 'fas fa-bars',
    iconColor = '#3a3a3a',
    txtColor = '#e5e5e5',
})
```

![](https://img.lationscripts.com/docs/ui/notifications/notification-example.webp)

Commit message:

feat(modern-ui): update notify documentation, add id, sound & server event info

pages/modern-ui/components/notification.mdx, after:

---
title: Notification
description: Customizable notifications with positioning, styling, and type-based appearance
---

## Notification

Notifications with customizable positioning, styling and more

### Options

| Option | Type | Required | Default | Description |
|--------|------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `id` | string | No | `nil` | Unique identifier - when provided will only show once when spammed or update the same notification |
| `title` | string | No | `nil` | Notification title (supports markdown) |
| `message` | string | Yes* | `nil` | Notification message (supports markdown) |
| `type` | string | No | `'info'` | Type: `'info'`, `'success'`, `'warning'`, `'error'` |
| `duration` | number | No | `5000` | Duration in milliseconds |
| `position` | string | No | `'top-right'` | Position: `'top-left'`, `'top'`, `'top-right'`, `'center-left'`, `'center-right'`, `'bottom-left'`, `'bottom'`, `'bottom-right'` |
| `icon` | string | No | `nil` | FontAwesome icon class |
| `iconColor` | string | No | Auto | Icon color (hex or [CSS color name](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)) |
| `bgColor` | string | No | Auto | Background color (hex or [CSS color name](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)) |
| `txtColor` | string | No | Auto | Text color (hex or [CSS color name](https://htmlcolorcodes.com/color-names/)) |
| `sound` | table | No | `nil` | Sound configuration (see [Sound Options](#sound-options)) |

*Either `title` or `message` is required.

**Notes:** 
- `'description'` is an alias for `'message'`.
- `'top'` is an alias for `'top-center'`.

### Sound Options

The `sound` parameter is a table with the following properties:

| Property | Type | Required | Description |
|----------|------|----------|-------------|
| `bank` | string | No | Name of audio bank that contains the soundset |
| `set` | string | Yes | Soundset the soundname is a member of |
| `name` | string | Yes | Sound name to play |

### Server-Side Usage

To send notifications from the server, use the client event:

```lua copy
TriggerClientEvent('lation_ui:notify', source, data)
```

- `source` - The player's ID
- `data` - Notification data table (see [Options](#options) above)

### Example

```lua copy
exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Success',
    message = 'Profile updated successfully',
    type = 'success',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Error',
    message = 'Failed to save changes',
    type = 'error',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Warning',
    message = 'Your session is about to expire',
    type = 'warning',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Info',
    message = 'New features are now available',
    type = 'info',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    message = 'A notification with only a message',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Custom',
    message = 'A notification with custom styles',
    bgColor = '#e35c5c',
    icon = 'fas fa-screwdriver-wrench',
    iconColor = '#3a3a3a',
    txtColor = '#e5e5e5',
})

exports.lation_ui:notify({
    title = 'Custom',
    message = 'A notification with custom styles',
    bgColor = '#bd71f2',
    icon = 'fas fa-bars',
    iconColor = '#3a3a3a',
    txtColor = '#e5e5e5',
})
```

![](https://img.lationscripts.com/docs/ui/notifications/notification-example.webp)
