pages/scuba-diving/common.mdx, before:

---
title: Scuba Diving - Common Issues
description: Find solutions and troubleshooting tips to common issues for Scuba Diving
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

## Issues
Find solutions and troubleshooting tips to common issues below.

### Missing or invalid metadata
Scuba gear & oxygen tank items require metadata. If these items are spawned via /giveitem command or similar, they will not work.
These items must be purchased from the included shop in order to work properly. Alternatively, if you added these items into your
own shop; you must ensure that the appropriate metadata is applied to the item when it is purchased.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
    The instructions below **only** apply if you are adding these items into your own shop.
</Callout>

If using ```ox_inventory```:
```lua copy
metadata = { durability = 100 }
```
If using any other inventory (```qb-inventory```, ```qs-inventory```, etc):
```lua copy
metadata = { quality = 100 }
```
If you are unsure where to add the above metadata you must contact the creator that owns or maintains that script or consult their documentation.

### TextUI does not go away
You are on an outdated version of ```ox_lib``` and must update to the [latest](https://github.com/overextended/ox_lib/releases/latest).

### My issue isn't listed here
Please open a support ticket in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9EbY4nM5uu) or email us at support@lationscripts.com.

Commit message:

lation_diving: document common hotspot notification issue

pages/scuba-diving/common.mdx, after:

---
title: Scuba Diving - Common Issues
description: Find solutions and troubleshooting tips to common issues for Scuba Diving
---

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

## Issues
Find solutions and troubleshooting tips to common issues below.

### Missing or invalid metadata
Scuba gear & oxygen tank items require metadata. If these items are spawned via /giveitem command or similar, they will not work.
These items must be purchased from the included shop in order to work properly. Alternatively, if you added these items into your
own shop; you must ensure that the appropriate metadata is applied to the item when it is purchased.

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
    The instructions below **only** apply if you are adding these items into your own shop.
</Callout>

If using ```ox_inventory```:
```lua copy
metadata = { durability = 100 }
```
If using any other inventory (```qb-inventory```, ```qs-inventory```, etc):
```lua copy
metadata = { quality = 100 }
```
If you are unsure where to add the above metadata you must contact the creator that owns or maintains that script or consult their documentation.

### TextUI does not go away
You are on an outdated version of ```ox_lib``` and must update to the [latest](https://github.com/overextended/ox_lib/releases/latest).

### Hotspot Phone Notifications
Not seeing hotspot notifications after setting it in the config? 

This usually means the resources are starting in the wrong order.  Ensure that `lation_diving` is started **after** your phone resource.

### My issue isn't listed here
Please open a support ticket in our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9EbY4nM5uu) or email us at support@lationscripts.com.
